# MMRLC

MMRLC (short for Multi-Metric Ranking with Label Correlations) is an algorithm which can recommend libraries holistically from the both perspectives. Not only does it mine library migrations from existing software data, MMRLC further leverages label correlations of libraries in Maven Central Repository to make recommendations.
More details can be found in our paper:
```
A Multi-Metric Ranking with Label Correlations Approach for Library Migration Recommendations
```

## Code
In code folder, you can find all the code that reproduces our paper.</br>
Among them, `maven-spider.ipynb` is used to crawl  Java library labels from [Maven Central Repository](https://mvnrepository.com/repos/central).</br>
`labelSupport.ipynb` shows how we generate **Label Support (LS)** for every candidate migration rule.</br>
`wordNet.ipynb` is used to compute semantic similarity between source and target library. In our paper, this approach was called **MMRLC'**.</br>
In `pos-tagging.ipynb`, we handle data from [TagWiki](https://stackoverflow.com/tags).</br>
`impact of Label Factor.ipynb` is used to explore what is the impact of the label factor on MMRLC and it's the part of **RQ1** of our paper. `labelSupportAll.ipynb` is used to combine our LS metric with He et al.'s four metrics.

## Resources
All datasets used in paper can be found in resources folder.  **Note**,for every dataset, field **confidence** is the **Hconf** of our paper, the field **confidence2** is our final confidence value, which is the product of **Hconf** and **labelSupport**.
We  explain some  datasets mentioned in the paper here.
1. [resources/labelSupportAll.xlsx](resources/labelSupportAll.xlsx).  We use it to compute precision@1 and Recall@20.
2. [resources/labelSupportAllOther.xlsx](resources/labelSupportAllOther.xlsx). It includes results generated by different Label Factors.
3. [resources/lib2labels.csv](resources/lib2labels.csv).  It includes all Java libraries and corresponding label sequences.
4. [resources/general_evaluation.xlsx](resources/general_evaluation.xlsx).  The labels in this file are crawled from [TagWiki](https://stackoverflow.com/tags) and we use them to validate the generalization of MMRLC.

## Other Materials
To evaluate the performance of MMRLC, we compare it with three other methods. You should be able to see three .csv files directly. The **recommend-output.csv** file is from **[MigrationHelper](https://github.com/hehao98/MigrationHelper)**, and the other two are extracted from it.
